How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you 
see the bug that was introduced?
The diff tools allows the user to quickly pinpoint all of the 
changes between two files. It is most helpful when a bug as been 
introduced from one version to another. It removes the unimportant 
bits of a file, and this means the debugger can focus looking for 
the bug in the more likely spots.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a
file make you a more efficient programmer in the 
long term?
Hmmmm. I suppose it would help to allow for more experimentation
because there is safety in being able to revert the changes. Also, 
the changes can be tracked and see how the project changes 
over time in general


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you go in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
A pro is that is it easier to group like changes together. Additionally there is a commit message to tell the commit history.
Con is that it is subject to user error. There is no human readable log, maybe there is a log, but it probably won't have a summation of the change.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Tracking multiple files allows for changes that effect more than one file to be undone all at once. This is important when tracking code changes.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of the files?
Log is the set of summations for the changes. These can be used to track down when a change occurred. Then, diff will allow the debugger to locate all of the changes within a given commit. 


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
The logs and checkout means it is fairly easy to find the code when it was in a good state. 


How do you want to use Git?
I'd like to have some public repos to link to from my linkedIn profile to show my coding skillz. also, I'd like to track some of my other work. I'd like to use it at work, and I'd like one day to have personal projects to work on.


